alright guys I'm finally doing a grocery
haul I've been to meijer one time I
think I've been to all these one time I
did not show those they were very small
hauls pretty much like these um so yeah
so I've already been grocery shopping
like within the last week or so but I
need to get more stuff so i think i had
about 90 bucks left after those two
halls and then today i spent sixty eight
but a lot of it was also those items
over there i'm using my phone because i
can't find our longing camera so um yeah
i went to walmart and i just got some
noodles because i'm going to be doing
some crock pot meals and needed those
got some frozen veggies the season
carrots the corn and carrots those will
be going in the crock pot and then i got
to deli meat some honey turkey and some
white American cheese those are going to
go with french bread I'm going to make
our sandwiches and stuff we have
baseball pretty much every night so I
like to bring sandwiches while the you
know while we're there and then we come
home we just eat whatever is cooking in
the crock pot so I got mushrooms and a
tomato 1 onion some lettuce for the
sandwiches celery some red potatoes bay
leaves paprika cream of celery tomatoes
beef broth and some breadcrumbs so that
was all the food here's some of the
stuff I did get at meijer somewhere
gatorade for Sean my daughter likes this
and we were going to have potato soup
and bread for dinner one day this week
but I think it's getting pushed back to
next week because I got a bunch of crock
pot stuff i'm going to be doing so
she'll probably just bake that and eat
that but at meijer they had by 4i get a
fifth free in there in perks i got me
the honesty drinks a couple of those and
then they have the gatorade 455 get one
free i believe
and yes wish I needed those so I got
that and I got some other stuff but
that's just still sitting on the table
from yesterday so we went kind of late
yesterday so yeah this is it for the
groceries and then for my own personal
money i bought some new elf products so
the high-definition powder i got some of
the mist and set spray there a eyeliner
the jet black liquid eyeliner and then
this lip balm tint it's getting to be
that season where I'm getting the dry
lips so I'm going to start saying if
that will help and I got a couple of
their lip gloss this is mark and this is
inspire and then I'm going to try this
foundation it seems dark but once I put
like concealer and all the other stuff
it should blend in fine I don't really
know I saw this in the clearance area
it's probably going to be returned I
honestly don't know why about it i'm not
going to be on a bike recording but have
to get another candle I've not smelt
this sin so hopefully it's good Daniel
told me she needed a water bottle for
school this is Anna clearance aisle so I
got it and this was also in the
clearance out for a dollar it may go
back if he doesn't like it so these two
may be returned and I might get my four
bucks back we shall see so what
especially guys are cooking over a
dollar I just got those for the kids so
they can make those but that's pretty
much on my wall Mart tall so in
groceries I know my makeup was around 20
or so so I think the groceries were
probably 45 or 43 I've been spending
about forty dollars per trip to get
stuff that we need for the week because
you guys know I had a big shopping trip
like on the last video so that's it the
kids wanted to do like what's in their
backpack video so i might be uploading
those within the next couple of days and
yeah there's also a ton of links below
from different videos that i've done so
check those out as well as our vlogging
channel that link will be down below
and I will talk to you guys later fine